[Sol->Yul] Disable old codegen test viaYul and create new one that fits IR semantics (#10677)
ethereum/solidity: docs/ir/ir-breaking-changes.rst

Previously, ``y`` would be set to 0. This is due to the fact that we would first initialize state variables: First, ``x`` is set to 0, and when initializing ``y``, ``f()`` would return 0 causing ``y`` to be 0 as well.
With the new rules, ``y`` will be set to 42. We first initialize ``x`` to 0, then call A's constructor which sets ``x`` to 42. Finally, when initializing ``y``, ``f()`` returns 42 causing ``y`` to be 42.

>  * `bytes` array copying from memory to storage is implemented in a different way. Only usable part of array will be copied, without using the reminder of array which could have dirty data inside.
> This causes differences in some conracts, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Copying `bytes` arrays from memory to storage is implemented in a different way. The old code generator always copies full words, while the new one cuts the byte array after its end. The old behaviour can lead to dirty data being copied after the end of the array (but still in the same storage slot).
This causes differences in some contracts, for example:
```
